Remove references to group role in list role (#34565)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/roles/list_role/index.md

## Description

> Any content that consists of an outer container with a list of elements inside it can be identified to assistive technologies using the `list` and `listitem` containers respectively. A `list` must have one or more `listitem` children.

Reviewer: I don't see "must" in the spec, and I'm thinking " If a shopping list is empty, is it not a list?" How about:

> A `list` has one or more `listitem` children.

or

> A `list` can only contain `listitem` children.

> Any content that consists of an outer container with a list of elements inside it can be identified to assistive technologies using the `list` and `listitem` containers respectively. A `list` must have one or more `listitem` children.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any content that consists of an outer container with a list of elements inside can be identified to assistive technologies using the `list` and `listitem` containers, respectively. A `list` can only contain zero or more `listitem` children.
```
not sure which you'll pick, but correcting pre-existing grammar issues whilst on this page

### Associated WAI-ARIA Roles, States, and Properties

- [`listitem`](/en-US/docs/Web/Accessibility/ARIA/Roles/listitem_role) role

>   - : A single item in a list or directory. Elements with role listitem can only be found in an element with the role `list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : A single item in a list or directory. Elements with role `listitem` can only be found in an element with the role `list`.
```

>   - : A single item in a list or directory. Elements with role `listitem` can only be found in an element with the role `list`.

Reviewer 2: removed the reference to 'directory'.  1st, because the role is deprecated from ARIA, 2nd because the following sentence says a listitem can only be found in an element with the list role - which seems contradictory without explaining what the deprecated directory role was.

```suggestion
  - : A single item in a list. Elements with role `listitem` can only be found in an element with the role `list`.
```
